1.  Close the Peer to Peer Update Process on Your Computer

 Step 1:  To start off, Click Start and then go ahead type Settings to open it.
 Step 2:  Next select Update and Security
 Step 3:  Now click on Advanced Options
 Step 4:  You’re almost there! Click on Choose How Updates are Delivered.
 Step 5:  Finally, go ahead and turn off the On button.
 
2.  Quit your background apps

 Step 1:  Start off by right-clicking the Windows Taskbar. Open Task Manager. (You can also search on your computer or ask cortana on Windows 10)
 Step 2: Once you’re in your Task Manager’s menu, click on the Performance tab.
 Step 3:  Now click on Open Resource Monitor from the bottom part of the window.
 Step 4:  Lastly, click on the Network tab and check for all your apps or services that have a high number of send and receive requests.
          The way it works is, the higher the number, then it shows that these apps or services are taking a chunk  of your internet bandwidth.
Quitting your Apps

 Step 1:  Click on Start and then select your Settings
 Step 2:  Next click on Privacy, and then Background apps. Here’s where you can turn Off for the apps and services that feed off your internet.
 
 3.  Disable Windows Update
  Step 1:  Go to Start, look for your Control Panel
  Step 2:  Head over to your Administrative Tools
  Step 3:  Here’s where you can find and get to your Services. Once you’re in your Services window, scroll down to Windows Update and turn it off.
  Step 4:  To turn it off, all you have to do is just right click on it, and then select Properties.
  Step 5:  Now Disable it from inside your Properties, and Voila! You’ve just disabled your Windows Updates (Don’t worry 🙂  just follow these 5 simple steps and you can re-enable it back whenever you want to)
  
 4.  Use CCleaner
  
 5.  Uninstall OneNote
  Step 1:  First, go to your Start and then look for PowerShell.
  Step 2:  Next, right click on the app and then choose to Run as administrator.
  Step 3:  You will now have a new PowerShell window. Trust me it’s pretty simple 🙂 all you have to do is just copy-paste this command and hit enter.
          Remove OneNote with a PowerShell command
          Get-AppxPackage *OneNote* | Remove-AppxPackage
          
 6.  Disable Windows Auto-Tuning feature
  
  Step 1:  Go ahead and press on your keyboard Windows key + X and then select Command Prompt (Admin).
  Step 2:  Next, type the command netsh interface tcp show global in the window.
  Step 3:  Now you are going to check for Receive Window Auto-Tuning Level and if you find that it is set to normal, then you will need to disable it.
  Step 4:  Finally, again type another command netsh int tcp set global autotuninglevel=disabled to disable it.
  
 7.  Disable Firewall
  Step 1:  Just go ahead onto your Start and type firewall in your search to see if you have any other firewall programs on your computer turned on.
  
 8.  Disabling Large Send Offload (LSO)
 
  Step 1:  Go ahead and open Start and then right-click on your Computer
  Step 2:  Next, select Properties
  Step 3:  Now from your Control Panel, click on Device Manager
  Step 4:  Here you will be able to see all your devices listed, but for now you will only need to expand your Network Adapters.
  Step 5:  Next, look for your Network Card and then double click on that.
  Step 6:  You’re almost there! Now select the Advanced tab and then go ahead and select Large Send Offload V2 (IPv4).
           All you have to do here is set the value to Disabled.
  Step 7:  Do the exact same that you just did for Large Send Offload V2 (IPv6) (that is if, it is available).
  Step 8:  Click OK and you’re done! 
  
 9.  Update Your Network Drivers
  
 10.  Adjust the Internet Bandwidth Settings
 
  Step 1:  Go ahead and get the Run window up by clicking on Windows key+R key on your keyboard. (You can also search for it on your computer)
  Step 2:  Type gpedit.msc in the search box and then press OK.
  Step 3:  Alright! Now you will find that the Group Policy window will come up, so what you have to do here is just click on Computer Configuration
  Step 4:  Next go to Administrative Templates, then Network, and lastly QoS Packet Scheduler. Once you’re here click on Limit reservable bandwidth
  Step 5:  Now in the new window that comes up, all you have to do is just two things. First choose Enabled and then change the Bandwidth limit (%) from 100 to 0. 
  Step 6:  Make sure that you Apply these new changes that you just made and then click on OK. 
